Sets expectations for testcaserun predicates (#146)
cdevents/spec: testing-events.md

## Subjects

This specification defines three subjects in this stage: `testCaseRun`, `testSuiteRun` and `testOutput`. When a producer sends `testCaseRun` or `testSuiteRun` messages, they should meet the following expecations:

> - a `queued` event may optionally be followed by a `started` event
> - a `queued` event must be followed by a `finished` event
> - a `started` event must be followed by a `finished` event
> - a `finished` event may be sent independent of a `queued` or `started` event

Reviewer: I would rather see something like this:
```suggestion
- a `queued` event may optionally be followed by a `started` event
- a `queued` event must be followed by either a `started` or a `finished` event
- a `finished` event following after a `queued` event without a `started` event in between, can only have its outcome set to `cancel` (or `skip` if that is available in the protocol)
- a `started` event must be followed by a `finished` event
- a `finished` event may not be sent if no `queued` or `started` events are sent for the same subject
```

## Subjects

> This specification defines three subjects in this stage: `testCaseRun`, `testSuiteRun` and `testOutput`. When a producer sends `testCaseRun` or `testSuiteRun` messages, they should meet the following expecations:

Author: ```suggestion
This specification defines three subjects in this stage: `testCaseRun`, `testSuiteRun` and `testOutput`. When a producer sends `testCaseRun` or `testSuiteRun` messages, they should meet the following expectations:
```
